feat: skill react email improvements (#3229)
resendlabs/react-email: skills/react-email/README.md

    ├── SKILL.md              # Main skill instructions
    └── references/
        ├── COMPONENTS.md     # Complete component reference
        ├── EDITOR.md         # Visual email editor reference
        ├── I18N.md           # Internationalization guide
        ├── PATTERNS.md       # Common email patterns and examples
        ├── SENDING.md        # Email sending guide
        └── STYLING.md        # Styling and CSS reference
```

## What is an Agent Skill?

Agent Skills are a standardized format for giving AI agents specialized knowledge and workflows. This skill teaches agents how to:

- Build HTML email templates using React Email components

> - Use the visual email editor (`@react-email/editor`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a visual drag-and-drop email editor to a React application (using `@react-email/editor`)
```
